Now it's time to log in.
So go to the logging component.
And here let's add this set up.
And here we will create also the data which is from a reactive not forget to import reactive from view.
And we will add the email here and the password.
Let's return to the data and let's add it here as a model.
So we model data that email and here is data.
So we model data that Persaud No, we need to submit form.
So let's add the function submit and let's return it in the end.
And here when we submit that prevent it will be equal to the submit function.
So that should be it.
And now in the submit function we will post this information.
So we have to get access.
Uh, let's import here.
Active from Marxists in the old make this synchronous and we will get.
The response is equal to it.
Across that post it is the p localhost port 8000 slash API slash log in and we will send the data.
So that's it for the moment.
But we need to add more stuff to this request.
So first, uh, when we log in, we will get the access token in the response, but we won't get the
refresh token like this.
We need to add an option here, which is with credentials to through.
So with this option, we can get the the refresh token in an HDP only cookie, but still the frontend
won't be able to access it.
So we go to the refresh token.
The access token is in the response and the uh, toward that, the access token in the headers.
We have to use this access not with access defaults headers.
Common authorization
is equal to this string bearer here.
Space.
Response, that data, that token, and that's it.
So when we submit no, we will add the the token in the header and this will be applied for every request
and the latitude.
Next authority will see.
We will get the authenticated user.
Still, we need to redirect after we log in.
So we'll get the outer hue which is equal to use.
Rather, don't forget also to import it.
In the end here we will wait it out there.
Push to the main page and that's it.
Now let's try to log in.
So I will use the same user that I created, and if I sign in and I will get redirected to the homepage,
it means that I successfully logged in.
Also, let's check the application here.
Cookies.
We will see a refresh token, which is a setup only.
So that is working fine.
And if we try to log in again.
Oh.
I will login now with the same user.
We will still login, but this time we will have also the authorization.
We have the bearer token in the headers.
So the buried token is also added here.
Now in the next story, let's get the authenticated user from this header.